hi to all his friends it's funny 114
Today we meet for
new videos
a video presentation of my server
minecraft which is named as you can
see it here
warner kraft so here we are
have these rules and we go up
following that of the staff with me the
creator and hugo one of the co - founders the
more important the ichigo brothers will help
hen who are almost in the same
skins and his brother and Kehl
roddick is here we admitted
any two friends bringing only his
son is 110 to 190 and xx line I the
thank you I make a little dedication
here it's closed for the moment you're there
will it be a little later and he
knows the room- portals and warp
could hear it raining outside I
suppose to expectations is really the sound
and watch the straw and fire there is
the storm this crazy paw
but all good is beautiful said so was in
does a time finally so much better
dom at the ema write excuse me
so here's no no it's good is it a
matured
here is the 21- point panel of the
server a little shop we have 19 plugin
for the moment that's enough we're going in
to add to have 20 is the most beautiful
message that I have not yet put excusez
me there that of portals and warp
so a savior and rpl I want to say
we'll go right to the map
test of the players no we will not go there
because I did not show you the
answers you go in you answer
in the questionnaire, that's all stupid
and you will pass players because when
you arrive at the visitors was worth
survival map quickly to show I
bequeath a little bit as well as the market
created by thau 47 so I thank him
so I live makes a dedication so
dedication at 0 47 compared to the market
at least it will be that I do them so
everyone will put stones have private theme
that's if I have it here it's normal
because I put everything I had
a supervisor here in my
inventory and I put myself a flat
it's enough theo house so we're going
not to piss him off
this is his dog a little bob
this little culture
hey he has sainte-anne punctuated checks
in the fleet but it's not
So that's all I had
the entry for the map on
ten the gang at a small house
I was going to see
nor a port when a port and a bit like
a port the port good here it is from
the automatic harvest of the cac
nick is against the harvest
Automatic does not work very well
because if no supply
we finally I read nothing here we go quickly
returned to the spawn tremendously I want to
this game so we have already consulted sewing
we are doing what
is called a speech something like that
it's chic or who had the idea of ​​the
so do dedications also to him
j
chisinau live my lo
a little offbeat it's not done on purpose
this is the beautiful thimble that
I was showing a little more here so we
will jump all the time to the games but very
fast it's the highgate plugin for
can go up there with multivers
are few but it's a little annoying
and that's the entry of those who go there
here
el papa the speech that is in the process of
do so you'll know what it's all about
looks so here we are going to stay on
this map to leave
so I have a website that talks about
server and I own the server a site
web
but the website will soon be at
abandonment because frankly that's
too hard to handle so go to my website
web
he'll have all the info from my channel and
at the same time there will be the info from
server and rp it accepts the
cracked versions but they are
severely punished and if the fence 50
good slot there I was at 20 this club because
that there are not many people but
i wait five years loc
you take your friends all that oh that goes
the little one is so hard of ad grosso modo
two minutes what's that what
I have more to say
balik and video video
subscribe am letting go of Salus gems
was funny 114 live from warcraft
has more youtube